# GrapeDiseaseDetection_Android
India is an Agriculture based economy whose most of the GDP comes from farming. 
The motivation of this project comes from the increasing suicide rates in farmers which may be due to low harvest in crops. 
Climate and other environmental changes have become a major threat in the agriculture field. 
Machine learning is an essential approach for achieving practical and effective solutions for this problem. Grape constitutes one of the most widely grown fruit crop in the India. Over one third of world are employed in agriculture and the quantity is gradually falling because the financial losses of the farmers. One of the causes behind this momentary loss is the shortage for era in agriculture. Continuous cropping and over use of fertilizers cause the decline in soil productiveness and impact the environment as well. The existing modern irrigation system without the help of technology is not able to predict the actual amount of water required for crops. It may cause under irrigation or over irrigation. Under irrigation will affect the soil moisture and crop may get destroyed. Over irrigation leads to crop diseases. It will affect the yield production. Due to uncertain environmental changes like uncertainly rain falling, heavy temperature or humidity, etc. are affect to grape plants which suﬀers from diseases in different seasons, temperatures, and humidity. Grape disease has become one of the major concerns for farmers and has now evolved into a significant threat to the quality of food consumed by the people. Hence, it becomes necessary to identify these diseases at the early stages of their growth and find possible solutions to avoid them. So, the soil information, weather Information and disease information is collected from different sources. Model is trained by using various machine learning algorithms such as K- nearest neighbors(KNN), Decision tree algorithm, naïve bays algorithm and support vector machine(SVM) and grape farm recommendations are provided with respect to water supply, fertilizers and grape disease predictions and recommendations about pesticides.
